Prover and GUI changelogs for 7.31.0 (#412)
Certora/Documentation: docs/prover/changelog/gui_changelog.md

```{contents}
```

7.0.0 (June 30, 2025)
---------------------------

### Features

> - [feat] Rule Report - Added support for Ranger Report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [feat] Rule Report - Added support for Ranger Report.
```
I thought we are not making Ranger public yet?

> - [feat] Rule Report - Updated `Sanity_Fail` icon to represent better a failure state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [feat] Rule Report - Updated `Sanity_Fail` rule status icon to be red and more distinct than the timeout icon. 
```

> - [feat] Rule Report - Added Rule indication for `ruleNotifications`. This new animation will notify the user when they have `ruleNotifications` for a certain rule/child. The indicator color is changing based on the notification severity.

Reviewer: It's not an animation, am I missing something?

- [feat] Rule Report - Added Private/Public sharing options to the rule report.
- [feat] Dashboard - Added Private/Public copy link buttons to the Jobs List table. Private links will be assigned by default.

> - [feat] Dashboard - Added Product column to the Jobs List table, which indicate which product triggered each job.

Reviewer: As discussed in the Notion page, I think we can remove this
